ANOTATION: 
This app is two-module calculator, that implements basic arithmetic operations, allows adding and solving formulas and provides solutions of 
written down expressions, in addition it supports stylistic customization.
1. FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
1.1.Operators:
1.1.1. App must provide such arithmetic operations with numbers: binary: + - * / % ^; unary: ! √ ln log; markup: = ( ) .  .
1.1.2. App must support creation of arithmetic expression using binary and unary operators according to windows calculator model.
1.1.3. Operator ( creates Expression of format (_Number1_operator_Number2_operator_..._numberN_) and upon placement creates additional operator ) after cursor.
1.1.4. Operator . may only be used inside of number. Using operator . twice or outside the number must be blocked.
1.2. Constants:
1.2.1. App must hold a library of constants PI, e, φ, and γ.
1.2.2. App must allow user to create and assign their own constant values.
1.3. Formulas:
1.3.1. App must provide a module that provides preset of 10 math and physics formulas, given in specification below.
1.3.2. App must provide greek alphabet for user to be able to create more formulas and sets of formulas.
1.3.3. App must provide opportunity for user to write explanation for every letter in formula, preset formulas must contain 
explanations of given letters.
1.3.4. App must allow user to fill in values of letters in separate field or use constants, entered values must immediately replace 
letters.
1.4. History:
1.4.1. App must save up to 5 last calculations done and show them to user.
1.4.2. App must contain registration to allow user to save his created formulas, constants and history.
1.5. Authentication:
1.5.1. App must allow user to create an account using unique credentials to save his created formulas, constants and history.
1.5.2. App must provide login and logout functionality for user account.
1.5.3. App must maintain active session of the user to avoid requiring to enter credentials upon every app reload.
1.6. Data Persistence:
1.6.1. App must save newly created formulas, custom constants and history records to the database and bind them to the specific user account.
1.6.2. App must automatically fetch and present user's saved formulas, constants and history from the database immediately upon successful login.

2. NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
2.1. Security:
2.1.1. App must store user passwords exclusively in hashed format in the database.
2.1.2. App must use secure protocols to transmit data between client and server components.
2.2. Architecture and Technology:
2.2.1. App must implement Client-Server architecture for data exchange.
2.2.2. App frontend must be built using vanilla technologies (HTML, CSS, JS) without external UI frameworks.
2.3. UI/UX and Performance:
2.3.1. App must provide responsive interface that scales and works correctly on both desktop and mobile screens.
2.3.2. App must execute all visual state transitions and palette color changes smoothly and without rendering delays.
2.3.3. App must provide light and dark modes for background and color palette of 12 colors, each meeting 4.5:1 contrast requierement, for text elements in buttons



